tight or die oh hey everyone my name is
uh here comes lemon and I decided to
start putting out like a regular call of
duty video I do what the rest of the
community is all for and games that are
fun so I decided to play a typing of the
dead today game from two thousand on the
VC basically the main point of the game
is it's like playing like an old
resident evil or I don't know left for
dad basically what to go around kill the
zombies and shit but you're supposed to
do it now by typing yeah pretty basic um
my first time playing it and I'm going
to play it while I'm talking to you guys
now oh good so just to you know get like
and one thing who said like out in front
is this game was made a while ago so the
graphics aren't exactly i'm up to par
James I think he's got like a I think
he's got a dream cast on his back with a
battery and a keyboard on his stomach
Fisk ideas well type kill zombies Harry
and Amy are coming back a system very
bad voice-acting thanks that's a great
start Molotov cocktail was ok crap
didn't read it fast enough oh crap
didn't say there was nothing we could do
there's nothing we could do I'm holding
like zombies then I gotta wait till I
type shit first before I can kill them
so there's nothing to do evil zombie
frogs scariest thing ever panic yeah you
know I'm playing this now and in certain
way it's something i'd love to actually
see you like cooking schools you know
like some kid in grade one or two
learning at a tight
instead of using like all the right type
or I got it gotta shoot gotta shoot that
oh oh I'm actually talking with ok ok
I'll close an instant kill thing same
genre oka anyways yeah like this year
this would be like a great learning tool
for students you know gives them reason
to find learn how to type you know
higher levels good scores and stuff
would be a much better try parrilla know
how
add this to one in school Wow killed it
zombie are typing JFK okay tranquilizer
that's snuggly isn't it oh ok I sort of
failed there oh oh my god just I'm sure
his on the monkey thing already been
there guys still stand by
cuz I just love to see oh yeah I just
love to see the look on like a teachers
face the kid comes up and says like I'm
doing really well i can type 28 words a
minute and miss teacher ya know miss
teacher Miss teacher um what is booming
Oh that'd be great yeah yeah I think
messing with teachers is a good thing at
this point let's say okay anyways what's
going on here headless judge judgment
type 28 okay so same thing oh yeah baby
I'd love to help you talk to me I've
never heard anyone say that like even in
like a sexual needs of students
like they give me the most abstract
words to type ever but I just how it's
weird that I'm having fun I can beat
yeah I can do this I can do this just um
my nylon punk show that's what I mean
that's so random it's so funny of weird
and abstract all this is yes so yeah
sorta gotta pay attention to what i'm
typing here so uh if i'm not really
talking at this point like it's a boss
fight i think it's like the final boss
maybe so i want to make sure right okay
now gonna play this wing thing oh come
on that's cheap whoever writes masochist
no no no i mistyped yeah okay okay I can
do that I can do this I can beat this
thing this got it okay okay i can still
beat this guy still beat this guy no
what no crap one life left I can do it I
can do it stay
easy enough come on more one more hit
all i gotta do is win this one correct
oh it says a lot that um like pale white
and the last water gotta shut his
cracker Amy Harry thank God you all
right what the hell's going on in this
city all the noise stopped Himmler to
the 1998 Kurian case oh it's like
they're trying to make it a joke go and
prevention fusion in the city I don't
know I don't know if it's legitimately
supposed to be this bad we're counting
on you Jane or no more fooling around no
more fooling around like I think it's
trying to legit make it bad like see
this is what i mean by yeah that's
actually pretty good for a you know kids
you know accuracy points rescued
citizens like i had actually like
playing this in school oh wow there's
actually a pretty bulb it out 11 words a
minute ABC so it looks like this is the
end of my little thing here now please
comment if you'd like me to put more
videos like this out there peace